This is Shiny Assistant right here and it's a chat interface to begin with,
but I can ask it to do things.
I thought it'd be really useful to have a mortgage calculator.
And that's all I said, just one sentence.
Build an application which calculates mortgage payments.
So it starts up Shiny live here running in the browser
and we can change these amounts.
We have a mortgage payment calculator.
Now I can put these numbers in the application itself.
So that's the starting values because these are more realistic starting values.
Put them there, hit this rerun app button, this play button to rerun it.
And as you can see, those are now the default starting values.
Hit calculate and there it is.
Let's say I want to have a plot of the remaining principal and here we go.
That's really helpful.
Let's say I want a little bit more detailed information.
I can ask it to add an amortization table.
It's going to be 360 payments total.
Eventually that's going to go all the way down to zero.
You know, while you could do this by hand,
you can see that building something like this,
it won't always get all the details right.
It's not perfect.
It might have some bugs in the code,
but it will help you get started on applications like this way,
way faster than you might otherwise be able to do.